Refactor and update `docs` (#634)
argilla-io/distilabel: docs/sections/components/advanced/argilla.md

# Argilla

As an additional step, besides being able to restore the dataset from the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline] output as a [`Distiset`][distilabel.distiset.Distiset] (which is a `datasets.DatasetDict` with multiple configurations depending on the leaf nodes of the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline]), one can also include a [`Step`][distilabel.steps.Step] within the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline] to easily export the datasets to Argilla with a pre-defined configuration, suiting the annotation purposes.

> Being able to export the generated synthetic datasets to Argilla, was one of the core features we wanted to have fully integrated within `distilabel`, not only because we're biased, but also because we believe in the potential of synthetic data, but always having an annotator or group of annotators to review the data and draw conclusions from it. So on, the Argilla integration will make it easier than ever to push a dataset to Argilla while the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline] is running, and be able to follow along the generation process, as well as annotating the records on the fly.

Author: ```suggestion
Being able to export the generated synthetic datasets to Argilla, was one of the core features we wanted to have integrated within `distilabel` because we believe in the potential of synthetic data, but without removing the impact a human annotator or group of annotators can bring. So on, the Argilla integration makes it straightforward to push a dataset to Argilla while the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline] is running, to be able to follow along the generation process in Argilla's UI, as well as annotating the records on the fly.
```

    load_dataset = LoadDataFromDicts(
        name="load_dataset",
        data=[
            {
                "instruction": "Write a short story about a dragon that saves a princess from a tower.",
            },
        ],
    )

    text_generation = TextGeneration(
        name="text_generation",
        llm=OpenAILLM(model="gpt-4"),
    )

    to_argilla = TextGenerationToArgilla(
        dataset_name="my-dataset",
        dataset_workspace="admin",
        api_url="<ARGILLA_API_URL>",
        api_key="<ARGILLA_API_KEY>",
    )

    load_dataset >> text_generation >> to_argilla

pipeline.run()
```

![Text Generation to Argilla](../../../assets/images/sections/learn/steps/argilla/text_generation.png)

### Preference

For preference scenarios, i.e. when the [`Pipeline`][distilabel.pipeline.Pipeline] contains multiple [`TextGeneration`][distilabel.steps.tasks.TextGeneration] steps, we have designed the task [`PreferenceToArgilla`][distilabel.steps.PreferenceToArgilla], which will seamlessly push the generated data to Argilla, and allow the annotator to review the records.

The dataset will be pushed with the following configuration:

> - **Fields**: `instruction` and `generations`, both being fields of type `argilla.TextField`, plus the automatically generated `id` for the given `instruction` to be able to search with it. The field `instruction` must always be a string, while the field `generations` must be a list of strings, containing the generated texts for the given `instruction` so that at least there are two generations to compare. Other than that, the number of `generation` fields within each record in Argilla will be defined by the value of the variable `num_generations` to be provided in the [`PreferenceToArgilla`][distilabel.steps.PreferenceToArgilla] step.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fields**: `instruction` and `generations`, both being fields of type `argilla.TextField`, plus the automatically generated `id` for the given `instruction` to be able to search for other records with the same `instruction` in the dataset. The field `instruction` must always be a string, while the field `generations` must be a list of strings, containing the generated texts for the given `instruction` so that at least there are two generations to compare. Other than that, the number of `generation` fields within each record in Argilla will be defined by the value of the variable `num_generations` to be provided in the [`PreferenceToArgilla`][distilabel.steps.PreferenceToArgilla] step.
```

> - **Questions**: `rating` and `rationale` will be the pairs of questions to be defined per each generation i.e. per each value within the range from 0 to `num_generations`, and those will be of types `argilla.RatingQuestion` and `argilla.TextQuestion`, respectively. Also note that only the first pair of questions will be mandatory, since only one generation is ensured to be within the batch data. Additionally, note that the provided ratings will range from 1 to 5, and to mention that Argilla only supports values above 0.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Questions**: `rating` and `rationale` will be the pairs of questions to be defined per each generation i.e. per each value within the range from 0 to `num_generations`, and those will be of types `argilla.RatingQuestion` and `argilla.TextQuestion`, respectively. Note that only the first pair of questions will be mandatory, since only one generation is ensured to be within the batch data. Additionally, note that the provided ratings will range from 1 to 5, and to mention that Argilla only supports values above 0.
```
